docs/01-index.md, before:

![Kanbasu logo]({{ path 'logo.svg' }})

# Documentation

Kanbasu is a toolbox to create responsive web interfaces quickly. It focus on the layout and voluntarily avoid defining much “styling” properties which are different for every project.

Written is Sass, it’s highly customizable, every component being optional and all its default settings alterable with variables.

CSS features used are working in all major browsers. The oldest Internet Explorer version supported is 11. However, the framework does not include vendor-prefixed properties. When building it, we recommend you to use [Autoprefixer](https://github.com/postcss/autoprefixer) to ensure a complete compatibility with the browsers you have to support.

[The code](https://github.com/liip/kanbasu) is hosted on GitHub.

## Please report issues

To report any bug or suggestion, use Github’s [issues tracker](https://github.com/liip/kanbasu/issues).

## About

Kanbasu is proudly supported by

[![Liip]({{ path 'liip.svg' }})](https://www.liip.ch)

Commit message:

Added online version of autoprefixer.
Added online version of Autoprefixer. So users can instantly use it without installing it.

docs/01-index.md, after:

![Kanbasu logo]({{ path 'logo.svg' }})

# Documentation

Kanbasu is a toolbox to create responsive web interfaces quickly. It focus on the layout and voluntarily avoid defining much “styling” properties which are different for every project.

Written is Sass, it’s highly customizable, every component being optional and all its default settings alterable with variables.

CSS features used are working in all major browsers. The oldest Internet Explorer version supported is 11. However, the framework does not include vendor-prefixed properties. When building it, we recommend you to use [Autoprefixer](https://github.com/postcss/autoprefixer) ([available as an online tool](https://goonlinetools.com/autoprefixer/)) to ensure a complete compatibility with the browsers you have to support.

[The code](https://github.com/liip/kanbasu) is hosted on GitHub.

## Please report issues

To report any bug or suggestion, use Github’s [issues tracker](https://github.com/liip/kanbasu/issues).

## About

Kanbasu is proudly supported by

[![Liip]({{ path 'liip.svg' }})](https://www.liip.ch)
